Update Spinner docs and examples (#1514)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: packages/core/stories/spinner/spinner.doc.stories.mdx

# Spinner

> A Spinner is a visual representation of a process that is taking an indeterminate time to complete. This can be triggered by automated system processes, user action, or to indicate that content is loading. This reassures the user that the system is still working, especially when the operation is taking longer than 1s.

Author: ```suggestion
A Spinner is a visual representation of a process that is taking an indeterminate time to complete. This can be triggered by automated system processes, user action, or to indicate that content is loading. This reassures the user that the system is still working, especially when the operation is taking longer than one second.
```

Set the `size` prop to `"large"` to use the large Spinner.

Large Spinners can be beneficial for full screen loading experiences; while default Spinners can be reserved for widget loading experiences.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="core-spinner--large" />
</Canvas>

## Loading

Center Spinner horizontally and vertically over a page or content that is loading if it takes between 1-9 seconds.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="core-spinner--loading" />
</Canvas>

> ## Partial Loading

Reviewer: Is Partial loading going to be the official term?

Reviewer: I feel like I find both not to be ideal. I think we can keep partial loading for now

If only a portion of a page is being updated, place the Spinner component in that part of the page.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="core-spinner--partial-loading" />
</Canvas>

## Usage

### When to use Spinner

- To indicate that content is loading.
- To reassure the user that the system is still working.
- For full screen and widget loading experiences.

> - For any actions that take between 1-9 seconds. For actions that take 10 seconds or more, it’s recommended to use the Progress component instead.

Reviewer: People could read this as once an action takes longer than 1-9 seconds, switch to display a Progress component

> - For any actions that take between 1-9 seconds. For actions that take 10 seconds or more, it’s recommended to use the Progress component instead.

Reviewer 2: Yes, @joshwooding. I agree that progress indicator is meant for determinate loading experiences; while spinner is meant for indeterminate loading experiences. However, according to [NN group](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/progress-indicators/):
- If a looped animation take longer than 10 seconds users grow impatient or;
- If a spinner is rotating indefinitely, users cannot be sure if the system is still working

I think @mikearildbrown recommendation above is great. What if, we just switch some words there like this:

Although spinner is reserved for indeterminate loading experiences, it's recommended to use it for estimated actions that take between 1-9 seconds. "For actions that will run for a determinable length of time and will take 10 seconds or more, it’s recommended to use the Progress component instead."

> - For any actions that take between 1-9 seconds. For actions that take 10 seconds or more, it’s recommended to use the Progress component instead.

Reviewer: That still resolves around time; my concern is that no one can know consistently something will take between 1-9 seconds to load.

> - For any actions that take between 1-9 seconds. For actions that take 10 seconds or more, it’s recommended to use the Progress component instead.

Reviewer: Could we give some examples of types of loading experiences for each type? It feels like the existence of Spinner creates a lot of confusion in terms of usability.

> - For any actions that take between 1-9 seconds. For actions that take 10 seconds or more, it’s recommended to use the Progress component instead.

Reviewer 2: @joshwooding, I'm not sure if you refer to the info we have in the [spinner layout specs](https://www.figma.com/file/vcR8xgBy7UCBAWOT5jsW7d/Spinner?node-id=1504%3A2151&t=I0uUj5xvXVL5jhZs-1). 

Or do you want examples of all the loading experiences available -spinner, progress indicator and skeleton loading? + examples of each of their types? FYI, the goal when building the spinner specs was to keep the component simple. If you want something more specific, I can work on that if necessary.

Just sharing some examples here. LMK if you want something like that. 
- https://www.lightningdesignsystem.com/guidelines/loading/#site-main-content
- https://design.gs.com/components/skeleton-loader
- https://design.gs.com/components/progress

> - For any actions that take between 1-9 seconds. For actions that take 10 seconds or more, it’s recommended to use the Progress component instead.

Reviewer 3: Did you mean examples of the type of experiences that would fit each scenario? e.g., when opening a dialog box/wizard that typically takes 1-9 seconds, use a spinner. When uploading a large file which might take over 10 seconds, use progress.

That would be useful I think.

> - For any actions that take between 1-9 seconds. For actions that take 10 seconds or more, it’s recommended to use the Progress component instead.

Author: @joshwooding let me know if I should add Sion's examples to docs

> - For any actions that take between 1-9 seconds. For actions that take 10 seconds or more, it’s recommended to use the Progress component instead.

Reviewer: I think for now it's fine, over the past couple of days I've gone back and forth over these points.

  <Story id="core-spinner--large" />
</Canvas>

> ## Usage

Reviewer: We should add examples that follow the usage guidance specified on this page cc @libertymayc

Reviewer: I see you've created the examples, but they haven't been added to the docs? Also, the guidance on when to use large or default spinners seems very hidden cc @sion-docs @mikearildbrown

Author: thank you, updated

> ### When to use Spinner

Reviewer: I think "When to use Spinner" makes sense here since we're not talking about a general spinner but the Spinner component. If we wanted to add something before "Spinner" I think "When to use the Spinner component" would work. This would require updating all the other component pages.

> ### When to use Spinner

Reviewer 3: Yes, 'When to use (Component name)' is the standard

- To indicate that content is loading.
- To reassure the user that the system is still working.
- For full screen and widget loading experiences.
- For any actions that take between 1-9 seconds. For actions that take 10 seconds or more, it’s recommended to use the Progress component instead.

#### Notes

- Large Spinners can be beneficial for full screen loading experiences; while default Spinners can be reserved for widget loading experiences.
- If only a portion of a page is being updated, place the Spinner component in that part of the page.

### Do

> - Use for actions that take between 1-9s to load.

Author: ```suggestion
- Use for actions that take between 1-9 seconds to load.
```

> - Center spinner horizontally and vertically over a page or content that is loading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Center the Spinner horizontally and vertically over a page or content that is loading.
```

> - If only a portion of a page is being updates, place the Spinner in that part of the page.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- If only a portion of a page is being updated, place the Spinner in that part of the page.
```

### Don't

> - Don't use for actions that take 10s or more. Use Progress component instead.

Author: ```suggestion
- Don't use for actions that take 10s or more. Use the Progress component instead.
```

> - Don't use for actions that take 10s or more. Use the Progress component instead.

Author: ```suggestion
- Don't use for actions that take 10 seconds or more. Use the Progress component instead.
```

> - Don't use for actions that take 10 seconds or more. Use the Progress component instead.

Reviewer: @sion-docs @mikearildbrown Is there a standard on how to write these statements?

e.g. should this be re-written to "Don't use the Spinner to show determinable progress of a process. Use the Progress component instead."

Reviewer 3: Yes @mikearildbrown, that's correct.
